---
layout: post
title: Week 6 (6/24/24 - 6/28/24)
---

This week was mostly focused on wrapping up the autograder from last week. This autograder is focused on creating art output from input patterns by using indexing. I noticed that there was some edge cases and potential solutions that we have not yet discussed in meetings. We came to an agreement that students would be allowed to have some variability in how their program is terminated and we updated our test functions for this. This autograder completed peer code review and was sent for Professor code review. Also, our meeting this week was focused on refining research questions and discussing potential approaches in answering these research questioons. The Professors gave us the task of completing a research paper outline in preparation for next weeks meeting. We also read a paper this week on a Massive Open Online Computer Course (MOOC):

- "Experience Report: Designing Massive Open Online Computer Science Courses for Inclusion" by Sophia Krause-Levy, Mia Minnes, Christine Alvarado, and Leo Porter

This paper focused on some weaknesses of MOOCs like low completion and diversity rates. The researchers decided to create a new MOOC that uses support video and context videos to create a welcoming environment. They also made sure to provide the course materials like other MOOCs. They compared the performance of this MOOC with a MOOC at a university and noticed that theirs performed better in recruiting more women learners and having them be more engaged with the course. However, the main limitation is that gender data is based on individuals that chose to offer it and there were low participation in any surveys. 
